What is your name? (This is a classic introduction)


How old are you? 
(Practices numbers)


Where are you from? 
(Practices prepositions and countries)


Where do you live? 
(Practices prepositions and places)


What do you do for a living? 
(Practices professions and verbs)


What do you like to do in your free time? 
(Practices hobbies and verbs)


Do you have any brothers or sisters? 
(Practices family vocabulary)


What are your strengths and weaknesses? 
(Practices adjectives and self-description)


Can you describe your typical day? 
(Practices daily routines and verbs)


What are your goals for the future? 
(Practices future tense and aspirations)


What is your favorite food? Why? 
(Practices food vocabulary and expressing opinions)

What is the best piece of advice you've ever received? 
(Practices expressing experiences)

What is something you're passionate about? 
(Practices expressing interests)

What is a challenge you've overcome? 
(Practices past tense and problem-solving)

What countries would you like to visit someday? Why? 
(Practices travel vocabulary and expressing desires)

If you could have any superpower, what would it be? 
(Practices conditionals and imagination)

If you won the lottery, what would you do with the money? 
(Practices conditionals and future plans)

What historical figure do you find most interesting? Why? 
(Practices past tense and expressing opinions)

If you could invent something, what would it be? 
(Practices creativity and vocabulary)

What is your favorite movie/book/song and why? 
(Practices expressing preferences and giving reasons)

Describe your ideal house/apartment. 
(Practices adjectives related to places and expressing desires)

Describe your best friend/family member. 
(Practices personality adjectives and describing relationships)

Describe a time you were happy/sad/scared. 
(Practices emotions and past tense narration)

Describe a place you've visited that you found beautiful. 
(Practices using descriptive language for scenery)

Describe a skill you'd like to learn. 
(Practices expressing goals and future plans)

Compare and contrast your life now to your life five years ago. 
(Practices past and present tense comparisons)

Compare two places you've been to. 
(Practices using comparative and superlative adjectives)

What is your favorite book/movie and why is it better than others you've experienced? 
(Practices expressing preferences and using comparative structures)

Who is your role model and why do you admire them more than others? 
(Practices expressing admiration and using comparatives)

Do you believe in aliens? Why or why not? 
(Practices expressing and justifying opinions)

What is the most important quality in a friend? Why? 
(Practices expressing values and reasons)

Is technology a good or bad thing? Why? 
(Practices discussing complex topics and using arguments)

What is the biggest problem facing the world today? What can be done about it? 
(Practices discussing current events and expressing solutions)